TEAM NUMBER: 8
PROJECT NAME: SoundPlay 

Sound Play is a music application that allows users play any music of their choice, obtain and read the lyrics of the music, upload and listen to their own music,  watch music videos of their choice, and also follow other users of the app and be followed . It has a mobile and web version of the application,  as well as a website. 
PROPOSED SOLUTION
Through multiple research, we were able to come up with a solution that allows users to upload their own songs and be heard unlike various music apps that allows access to only songs of renowned artistes or just allows users to listen to other people's song only. An easier workflow as well as an easy web/app navigation was created as well.
Sound Play Mobile Application.
Features
Play music: allows user to play any music of his choice from his mobile.
Read Lyrics: allows user to obtain and view the lyrics of any music while connected to the internet
Upload Music: allows user to upload his song or any song of his choice
Watch Music Video: allows user to watch any music video of his choice
Other features includes features that allows users to follow themselves,  view recommended songs,their favorite song, and recently played songs. 


SoundPlay Web Application
Features
Play Music: allows user to play any music of his choice.

Sound Play Website 
Features: 
Play Music: allows user to play any music of his choice 
Sign up: allows user to sign up and become a user of the site.
Login: allows user to login into the site after sign up

MY ROLE AS A CONTENT WRITER
I reviewed the product design by the UI/UX designer, and asked necessary questions for clarification and modification where necessary.
I brainstormed together with the UI/UX designer to come up with a name for the project.
I updated the final report on the project( READMe file on Github)

ROLE OF OTHER CONTRIBUTORS
The UI/UX designers came up with a design for the project( mobile app, web app, and website) and they also specified the features, functions and workflow for the final report.
The Front End developers work on the front end development of the web app and the website.
The Mobile App Developer worked on the mobile app development
Supervisor: appointed a team lead and timely supervised work progress 


PROJECT CONTRIBUTORS
UI/UX Designers: Orekoya Rukhayat and Ogunshina Pelumi
Mobile App Developer: Richard Bajomo
Front End Developers: Hassanat Busari, Fasasi Sheriff, Favour Oluwanifemi, Ibinola Samuel & Ibukun Samuel 
Back end Developers: 
Content Writer: Nwaiwu Ihechiluru. C 
Supervisor: Raji Mustapha

PROJECT URL: 
PROJECT DESIGN LINK: https://www.figma.com/file/xFjw6VYTlxNrt5yHoFPK0N/TEAM8-MUSIC-PLAYER?node-id=4%3A92
